app-admin/grub-customizer no-mold.conf
app-emulation/wine-staging no-mold.conf
app-text/ghostscript-gpl no-mold.conf
app-shells/bash no-mold.conf
dev-cpp/atkmm no-mold.conf
dev-cpp/libmcpp no-mold.conf
dev-cpp/pangomm no-mold.conf
dev-db/sqlite no-mold.conf
dev-libs/boost no-mold.conf
dev-libs/gmime no-mold.conf
dev-libs/gobject-introspection no-mold.conf
dev-libs/jemalloc no-mold.conf
dev-libs/libevent no-mold.conf
dev-libs/libfilezilla no-mold.conf
dev-libs/libinput no-mold.conf
dev-libs/libmspack no-mold.conf
dev-libs/libsigc++ no-mold.conf
dev-libs/libtasn1 no-mold.conf
dev-libs/mpfr no-mold.conf
dev-libs/xmlsec no-mold.conf
dev-qt/qtconcurrent no-mold.conf
dev-qt/qtcore no-mold.conf
dev-qt/qtdbus no-mold.conf
dev-qt/qtdeclarative no-mold.conf
dev-qt/qtmultimedia no-mold.conf
dev-util/google-perftools no-mold.conf
dev-util/mingw64-toolchain no-mold.conf
media-libs/alsa-lib no-mold.conf
media-libs/flac no-mold.conf
media-libs/harfbuzz no-mold.conf
media-libs/libaom no-mold.conf
media-libs/libjpeg-turbo no-mold.conf
media-libs/libpng-compat no-mold.conf
media-libs/openal no-mold.conf
media-video/pipewire no-mold.conf
net-dns/c-ares no-mold.conf
net-dns/libidn2 no-mold.conf
net-ftp/filezilla no-mold.conf
net-irc/quassel no-mold.conf
net-irc/weechat no-mold.conf
net-libs/gnutls no-mold.conf
net-libs/nodejs no-mold.conf
net-mail/notmuch no-mold.conf
sys-apps/hwinfo no-mold.conf
sys-apps/iproute2 no-mold.conf
sys-apps/lm-sensors no-mold.conf
sys-apps/sandbox no-mold.conf
sys-apps/util-linux no-mold.conf
sys-auth/pam-gnupg no-mold.conf
sys-devel/gcc no-mold.conf
sys-devel/gettext no-mold.conf
sys-devel/llvm no-mold.conf
sys-libs/binutils-libs no-mold.conf
sys-libs/efivar no-mold.conf
sys-libs/glibc no-mold.conf
sys-libs/libomp no-mold.conf
virtual/wine no-mold.conf
x11-libs/gdk-pixbuf no-mold.conf
x11-libs/libXft no-mold.conf
x11-misc/picom no-mold.conf
x11-misc/xscreensaver no-mold.conf
